Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Smell another player's armpit.
Smell another player's bare foot.
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Imitate a YouTube star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Show us your best dance moves.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with a permanent marker.
Related: 89 Best “Never Have I Ever” Questions That Dig Deep
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Do 20 squats.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Gulp down a raw egg.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup.
Prank call one of your family members.
Let another player create a hat out of toilet paper — and you have to wear it for the rest of the game.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Put five cubes in your mouth (you can't chew them, you just have to let them melt—brrr).
Bark like a dog.
Draw your favorite movie and have the other person guess it (Pictionary-style).
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Demonstrate how you style your hair in the mirror (without actually using the mirror).
Play air guitar for one minute.
Empty a glass of cold water onto your head outside.
Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
In the next 10 minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
Lick a bar of soap.
Eat a tablespoon of mustard.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone to Snapchat or Instagram stories (and leave it up!).
Attempt the first TikTok dance on your FYP.
Imitate a celebrity of the group’s choosing every time you talk for the next 10 minutes.
Read aloud the last five things you searched on your phone.
Do karaoke to a song of the group’s choosing.
Post a photo (any photo) to social with a heartfelt dedication to a celebrity of the group’s choosing.
Find your first crush on social and DM them.
Peel a banana using just your toes.
Let the group mix together five of whatever liquids they find in the fridge, then drink it.
Wear another player’s socks like gloves for the next five minutes.
Put on makeup without looking in the mirror, then leave it like that for the rest of the game.
Describe the most attractive quality of every person in the room
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account
Eat a raw piece of garlic
Do 100 squats
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt
Say something dirty to the person on your left
Give a foot massage to the person on your right
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind
Give a lap dance to someone of your choice
Remove four items of clothing
Like the first 15 posts on your Facebook newsfeed
Eat a spoonful of mustard
Keep your eyes closed until it's your go again
Send a sext to the last person in your phonebook
Show off your orgasm face
Seductively eat a banana
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what's inside
Do your best sexy crawl
Pretend to be the person to your right for 10 minutes
Eat a snack without using your hands
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group
Twerk for a minute
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself
Try to lick your elbow
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories
Tell the saddest story you know
Howl like a wolf for two minutes
Dance without music for two minutes
Pole dance with an imaginary pole
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
